Update microsoft-defender-antivirus-compatibility.md (#11342)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-compatibility.md

|Windows Server 2022 <br/> Windows Server 2019<br/> Windows Server, version 1803, or newer <br/> Windows Server 2016 <br/> Windows Server 2012 R2 |Microsoft Defender Antivirus|Active mode|
|Windows Server 2022<br/>Windows Server 2019<br/>Windows Server, version 1803, or newer <br/> Windows Server 2016 |A non-Microsoft antivirus/antimalware solution|Disabled (set manually) <sup>[[1](#fn1)]</sup>|

> (<a id="fn1">1</a>) On Windows Server, if you're running a non-Microsoft antivirus product, you can uninstall Microsoft Defender Antivirus to prevent conflict. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(<a id="fn1">1</a>) On Windows Server, if you're running a non-Microsoft antivirus product, you can uninstall Microsoft Defender Antivirus to prevent conflict by following these steps: 
```

> - Login to Windows Server with administrator account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign in to Windows Server as an administrator.
```

> - Right click Start and click Windows PowerShell (admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Right-click **Start** and select **Windows PowerShell (admin)**.
```

> - Enter the below command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter the following command: 
```

```powershell
Uninstall-WindowsFeature Windows-Defender
```

> - A server restart is required when you remove Windows Defender feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart the server to remove the Windows Defender feature.
```

> - Restart the server to remove the Windows Defender feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart the server to remove Microsoft Defender Antivirus.
```

> If the device is onboarded to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, you can use Microsoft Defender Antivirus in passive mode (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the device is onboarded to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, you can use Microsoft Defender Antivirus in passive mode as described later in this article.
```
